Bu oyun kompleks ve zor olacak şekilde tasarlandı.
Diğer türler ile olan benzerlikler tamamen tesadüfidir ve kasıtlı değildir.
Ekonomi hiç bir zaman stabil değildir. Her şey çalkantıda olabilir. Bu, her şey birbiri ile sürekli etkileşimde olduğu bir dinamik simülasyonun bir sonucudur. Her şeyi dengede tutamadığın için endişelenme.
Eğer bir porco'nun geliri, bölgedeki bütün herkesin toplam gelirinin %3'ünü ifade ediyor ise, onun serveti bölgenin toplam servetinin %3'ü olacaktır.
Sosyal bir sınıfın geliri, aynı sınıfta yer alan bütün porcolara eşit şekilde paylaştırılır. Bu nedenle bir porconun kişisel geliri, o porconun bulunduğu sosyal sınıfın toplam gelirinin ortalamasıdır.
The market study of rare resources will tend to match the wealth of your richest classes while abundant ones will tend to match the wealth of the commoners.
Serveti 2 olan bir porco, fiyatı 2 altın veya az olan herhangi bir kaynak için ihtiyaçlarını tamamen karşılayabilir.
Eğer bir kaynağın fiyatı 4 altın ise; serveti 1 olan bir porco, o kaynak için ihtiyacının sadece %25'ini karşılayabilir.
The wealth of a porco defines his purchasing power which determines the resources he can afford to buy to satisfy his needs.
Wealth is a unit of objective value. It's defined by the time spent by a Porco working on anything, regardless of the subjective value (coin price) his society gives to what he does. 
Wealth, as a universal reference unit of value, is the same across all regions and players.
Each Porco spending time working on something produces Wealth proportionnaly to the amount of work done.
A Porco working in a building with twice the efficiency of another one will produce twice the amount of work in a day, and therefore twice the Wealth.
Neither the type nor price of goods has an effect on Wealth. These things are relative to societies while wealth is a universal, objective unit representing the time spent working on anything.
If one Porco earns 10 coins out of 1000 circulating coins (the sum of all the incomes in his region) but then things change and there are suddenly 2000 circulating coins, his coins have suddenly lost half of their worth and have gone from representing 1 percent of the region's total wealth to representing only 0.5 percent of the region's total wealth.
Currencies represent a right to a share of real value, and do not necessarily have value by themselves. In Ymir that "real objective value" is the unit of "Wealth" represented by currencies called "Coins". 
If the total region wealth was one pie, each coin would give a Porco the right to a slice of it. The size of the slice would depend on how many other coins are circulating (the sum of all the incomes in the region) .
The total number of coins circulating in a region is the sum of all that region's incomes. This determines the ojective value (wealth) each coin represents.
In Ymir, to simplify and avoid the complication of relative currencies, the amount of coins in circulation is set automatically as the sum of all incomes. Therefore, the actual value (Wealth) of each coin also fluctuates automatically depending on the total amount of incomes.
You can still access the resources from a storage building with no workers, but it cannot receive any new ones.
Any resource distributed and made available to the population (whether through its merchants, producers, or anything else) is lost whether it is actually sold or not.
The price of a resource will always be at least one coin above its production cost to ensure minimum benefits to its producers.
If an industry produces something highly valued, the producers of the materials that industry requires will covet that industry's income and raise the price of their materials accordingly.
Each project has an optimal number of researchers. Beyond that, any extra researchers will only add a minor contribution to the project.
Bir projede, her bir araştırmacı domuz, zeka seviyelerine bağlı olarak belirli bir miktarda "araştırma puanı" sağlar.
Be careful: assigning researchers to a project reduces the productivity of all buildings employing the same population class.
You cannot directly control what ideas your people will have nor can you directly control when they will have them. Each idea comes with its own hidden conditions.
In the building tab, you can choose to build the previous, now obsolete, version of a building by right-clicking on the building's button.
